fixes for aws geting started and role chaining (#117)
logicalclocks/logicalclocks.github.io: docs/admin/roleChaining.md

- Administrator account on a Hopsworks cluster.

### Step 1: Create an instance profile role

> To use role chaining the head node need to be able to impersonate the roles you want to be linked to your project. For this you need to create an instance profilem with assume role permissions and attache it to your head node. For more details about the creation of instance profile see the [aws documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_roles_use_switch-role-ec2.html). If running in [managed.hopsworks.ai](https://managed.hopsworks.ai) you can also refer to our [getting started guide](../setup_installation/aws/getting_started.md#step-3-creating-instance-profile).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use role chaining the head node need to be able to impersonate the roles you want to be linked to your project. For this you need to create an instance profile with assume role permissions and attach it to your head node. For more details about the creation of instance profile see the [aws documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_roles_use_switch-role-ec2.html). If running in [managed.hopsworks.ai](https://managed.hopsworks.ai) you can also refer to our [getting started guide](../setup_installation/aws/getting_started.md#step-3-creating-instance-profile).
```

  <figcaption>Create Role Chaining</figcaption>
</figure>

Project member can now create connectors using *temporary credentials* to assume the role you configured. More detail about using temporary credentials can be found [here](../user_guides/fs/storage_connector/creation/s3.md#temporary-credentials).

> Project memeber can see the list of role they can assume by going the _Project Settings_ -> [Assuming IAM Roles](../../user_guides/projects/iam_role/iam_role_chaining) page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Project member can see the list of role they can assume by going the _Project Settings_ -> [Assuming IAM Roles](../../user_guides/projects/iam_role/iam_role_chaining) page.
```
